hi, i write this in a state of confusion and anxiety so bear with me here, i just want to express myself somehow because this burden is getting a little much.

basically, i’ve been staying up a lot later than i should as of recent and my brain has been acting up in ways that, to put it blunt, terrify me. i had an episode the other night and i don’t think in my entire life i’ve ever felt more disgusted with myself. there’s no way i can properly express just how shameful i feel seeing myself get to that state of borderline insanity.

i know i say this shit over and over again but i’m horrified that one day i just won’t exist anymore, i’ll be some babbling deluded idiot and that’s a tragic existence. i genuinely believe i’ll be better off dead than be a passenger in my own body. i swallowed my pride and i’m taking my meds now, if they don’t work then i really don’t know what to do.

i’m in a constant state of stress and derealization that progressively gets worse as time goes. i feel like my grip on reality and me as a person is slipping, and it’s terrifying. how much longer am i going to use my traumatic past as justification for any of my behavior, when will i mature and learn to properly forgive myself?

i feel like i can’t ever properly tell people shit because it just fosters pity and it’s always “i could never have gone through all that” or “you’re so strong”. i’m exhausted and my life isn’t your feel good perseverance story, it’s my own personalized hell, it’s a burden i carry to this day and it damages me so much more than i’d ever want to admit to you.

i hate to put it this way but i think i’m losing my battle with this stupid disorder i’ve been cursed with. i get one chance to live and ive been put into shitty circumstance after shitty circumstance and there’s only so long my optimism will last. you call it resilience, but i feel like i’m dragging a half dead body through this hell of a life that i was never strong enough to handle. i’m not okay and this isn’t something that i’m just gonna thug out; you can’t just brush off years of ignored trauma.

i want to be something and make something of myself, i want to change things somehow. i don’t want to go, i cry so many nights and i’m tired of pretending i’m okay, because i’m not.

everything beyond this point is borderline incoherent dumping and there is no value other than emotional expression

i never in my life wanted to be this way, fuck being an og or a real one, i’m suffering and everything that i thought was true isn’t. i never wanted to steal, i never wanted to sell drugs, i never wanted to roll with 60s, i never wanted to carry this burden, i never wanted any of this shit.

and to my brother, t, pg, marley, corey, key, george, krystal, t, dub,  tyre, demar, trace, darrel, nip, ferz, jo, sanch, tone, bam, mook, rell, meech, zo, ray ray, mocha, tay, charlie, and starr, everything i do is in your memory and you all deserved better. streets made me shit and even after all the time that’s passed it lingers. i think about you all the time to the point of torment and i know that’s not what you’d want me to do, and i want to stop, but i can’t. i have nothing but love for you and i wish i could’ve spent some more time with you before you left.

corey when i heard you died i went to jessie owens and cried under the tree to the right of the bleachers that we would hang at. i wasn’t allowed at d’s house anymore and i didn’t have anywhere to go, i cried by myself for hours until i fell asleep. to this day i still sleep and write under trees thinking about that night. i think it’s my way of comforting my younger self in some way i don’t know. regardless that’ll always stick with me and you have no clue how much you meant to me.

i miss you all and there’s no way i’ll ever forget you no matter how bad this shit gets. i’m going to stop because im crying now and i know im spiraling, tomorrow will be better.

 
