i saw this tiktok about people with “emotional intelligence”, and it got me thinking, why do we analyze emotions? emotions are a huge part of our experience as people, and everyone goes through them differently, so why do we try to find this objective truth or whatever.

i sat outside in the cold at my favorite tree for so long thinking about this my hands started to crack and bleed, but i think ive figured it out, and its counter intuitive but it makes sense to me.

i think im at the point where im always being analytical about what im feeling and who i am instead of actually feeling them. im always diving straight to why i feel them and how everything is happening, and thats definitely not how it should be.

i need to stop putting myself on the operating table every time some bad shit happens and just go through it. it’s not a bad thing to cry, and experience the bad. i just try to get an understanding of it instantly because im scared of losing control of myself, partly because im scared of my schizophrenia, and my pride doesn’t want me to allow myself to falter in any regard.

basically what im saying is, when you go through shit, you gotta actually experience and feel, that’s human, and we shouldn’t avoid that, no matter how scary it is. you gotta put your emotions in a box to study them to that depth, and if you put it in a box like that immediately you’re not gonna actually feel shit.

i think i have that emotional intelligence, but i don’t have emotional maturity. building off that dialogue i wrote, i go into introspection and don’t accept what im not comfortable with, my pride obstructs it without me even realizing. i need to stop being this reddit pseudo intellectual about myself and just feel, be a person.

i understand this is just rationalization but this is how i feel about it, it’s just a defense mechanism and i understand that now. it’s okay to cry, i shouldn’t be ashamed of that, i need to stop worrying about being in control or not, cause im not a fucking robot.

anyway, thanks for reading my rant. these are all retyped interpretations of my writing because im too much of a bitch to put it out there raw