i’ve shifted through a lot of ways of life in the past few years. at 14 i was really captivated by the idea of understanding. i wanted to understand everybody better, i wanted to understand the universe, i wanted to understand myself, and so on.

i was in pursuit of, and believed that i had known everything, and call it corny, but in that pursuit i feel that i lost myself. i really didn’t have a sense identity and all of a sudden understanding everything didn’t seem so important to me anymore. i began asking myself:

“if we’ve been left in this world with free will, with no direction or rules that aren’t self set, how are we supposed to find true meaning or belonging outside of faith?”

a fair question, the world is strange and nobody, not a single soul knows what’s going on here. i sought after wisdom, i wanted to be somebody who knew it all, but as i grow a little older i now understand that wisdom is exploring what we don’t know, but true solace comes from accepting what isn’t.

the world is undeniably cruel and indifferent to our existence, that’s just a given. it’s how we react to it that gives life the meaning. i’m sure you’ve felt hurt and uncertainty, maybe you’ve cried about something you can’t entirely explain, or had a feeling of hopelessness, everybody crumbles. the greatest person you know crumbles, that’s just what life is, we have all the medicine in the world to cure all sorts of pains and diseases, but how come we can’t fix a broken soul? (and don’t dare mention antidepressants you fucking dick)

excuse my overbearing optimism, but i find an underlying beauty in the collective suffering we all share in the world. through all our collective suffering, we can find a feeling of unity with one another, not in some huge revelation of the universe or where we come from, but from shared kindness, resilience, and love. the world has given us every reason to live in despair with our heads low, but we still smile.

so i’ll keep living in defiance of such a cruel world that we have near no understanding of, i’ll stare into the dark abyss of the unknown, i’ll jump into it with no understanding and might even dance in it, that’s what free will is for anyway right? i won’t let myself dwell on the negative aspects of the world, i may crumble, and i’ll definitely be in a similar state of depression in the future, but maybe, just maybe, everything will be alright in the end.

happiness isn’t perpetual, and we shouldn’t want it to be neither. happiness and sadness equally contribute to the human experience and our entropy as people. we have plenty of time to dwell on our shortcomings and regrets when we’re dead. im not gonna worry about being the best i can be, because im me, im full of imperfections and flaws, and that’s fine. it took billions of years to make me and i get maybe seventy to live in free will and fuck it up to my hearts content.

so i’ll live for love and hope in the face of a world of such indifference, uncertainty, and despair, and i’ll have the resilience to keep pushing to do more. i dream of a world where everyone can unite and see one another as brother and sister with understanding to one another, it’s unrealistic, and it won’t happen, but i will do whatever i can, big or small to make this place better than how i came into it.

so yeah, we’ll keep falling, but when we fall, that isn’t the end of the story, and it’s not about avoiding the fall, it’s about jumping in and rising back up again, again, and again.

sincerely, nuriel your favorite schizophrenic (hopefully)