i went out with my mom today to run some errands, and on the drive back, she stopped the car in a parking lot. she began asking me a lot of questions regarding my mental state and why i’m so distant. i tried my best to explain my emotions and thoughts, but i don’t think she was entirely listening. i don’t think she really did care about what it was i really felt, i think she just wanted some confirmation out of me. for what? not sure. i wasn’t sure to how to explain to her that i really didn’t know. there’s a lot i don’t understand, and though i hold myself so, i don’t know it all, not even close. before the conversation ended, she asked me this line, and i cried about it later. she had asked, “you were such a happy kid, what changed?”. she had no real involvement in my youth, and for her to tell me that she did know i was happy, and that she never did understand what i did feel and go through, it really fucking hurt. i never really knew my parents that well, i didn’t understand connection and love because i wasn’t really ever shown it, and i deal with that to this day. she never understood what it was like to live every day craving love and validation that would never really come. and no matter how much she tries to be a mother figure to me now, i won’t forgive her. my dad is no saint neither, but at least he doesn’t try to act like he never did anything wrong. it’s because of these circumstances that i’ve lived this life. i know it’s not healthy to look back on it so much, but it’s just so hard to shake it off, i don’t understand. i’m just a tool of service to everybody and i don’t know my place, i don’t get it. sometimes i wonder how much things would be different if i was just given an actual chance. if i ever learned how to make organic friendship, if i ever learned how to love properly. my mom only asked me this to clear her mind about her being a bad mother. truth is, she couldn’t give less of a shit how i feel, and only really cares that i don’t kill myself. (i am not suicidal and never will be) i live in regret and fear, (trigger warning, rape and murder) i still hallucinate people that i loved, people that were killed over fucking dime bags, people that no matter how much i loved, were taken from me just like that. it’s hard to wrap your head around the fact that those you loved are gone now and won’t ever be back, and that’s just the reality of it. i still do relive the times i was taken advantage of too. i don’t mention it or tell many people, because i guess i don’t like to admit the fact that i lost those days, i like to feel secure. i don’t think it affects me that much, i really only remember it in flashes. if that was true though i wouldn’t flinch when i’m touched, and i wouldn’t still hear her sometimes. i could smoke joints every day for the rest of my life but i wont really ever make sense of it all. i can sit under trees and write all i want, but thats not gonna do anything. i minimize it all and try to move past with everything i can, but it just doesn’t work. i know i wont be able to get closure, and that there’s not much i can do about it, but i still can’t seem to get over it. i just can’t shake off living trying to impress somebody that’s never actually there. there’s so much confusion and anxiety that i’ve shed so many tears about. sometimes i find myself wishing i wasn’t born, too bad i wasn’t really given a choice, but then again, would it really have made a difference? is there a world where i really could be happy? and even if there was would i even know what to do with it?

 
